Macro annotation updates (#7112)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Docs/documenting-macros.md

</File>

:::tip
From dbt Core v1.10, you can opt into validating the arguments you define in macro documentation using the `validate_macro_args` behavior change flag. When enabled, dbt will:

> - Warn if documented argument names don’t match the macro definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raise a warning if documented argument names don’t match the macro definition.
```

> - Warn if `type` fields don’t follow supported formats (like `string`, `integer`, `optional[list[str]]`, and so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raise a warning if `type` fields don’t follow supported formats (like `string`, `integer`, `optional[list[str]]`, and so on).
```

Learn more about [macro argument validation](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#macro-argument-validation).
:::

> ## Document a custom materialization

Reviewer 2: i think we probably also want to add a link to the page with list of accepted `type`s?

Reviewer 3: I will add the link over in [this PR](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/7128#pullrequestreview-2737426349).
